Generate the most representative test cases for the following requirement, mentioning the used testing technique:

Rate the confidence level of your response, from 1 (being the lowest) to 10 (being the highest).


Interrogated: 

P01. Find the last box of a list.
P02. Find the last but one box of a list.
P03. Find the K'th element of a list.
P04. Find the number of elements of a list.
P05. Reverse a list.
P06. Find out whether a list is a palindrome.
P07. Flatten a nested list structure: Transform a list, possibly holding lists as elements into a 'flat' list by replacing each list with its elements (recursively).
P08. Eliminate consecutive duplicates of list elements: If a list contains repeated elements they should be replaced with a single copy of the element. The order of the elements should not be changed.
P09. Pack consecutive duplicates of list elements into sublists: If a list contains repeated elements they should be placed in separate sublists.
P10. Run-length encoding of a list. Use the result of problem P09 to implement the so-called run-length encoding data compression method. 
Consecutive duplicates of elements are encoded as lists (N E) where N is the number of duplicates of the element E.
P11. Modified run-length encoding of a list. Modify the resut of problem P10 in such a way that if an element has no duplicates it is simply copied into the result list. 
Only elements with duplicates are transferred as (N E) lists.
P12. Decode a run-length encoded list. Given a run-length code list generated as specified in problem P11. Construct its uncompressed version.
P14. Duplicate the elements of a list. 
P15. Replicate the elements of a list a given number of times.
P16. Drop every N'th element from a list.
P17. Split a list into two parts; the length of the first part is given.
P18. Extract a slice from a list. Given two indices, I and K, the slice is the list containing the elements between the I'th and K'th element of the original list (both limits included). 
Start counting the elements with 1.
P19. Rotate a list N places to the left. 
P20. Remove the K'th element from a list. Start counting the elements with 1. 
P21. Insert an element at a given position into a list. Treat the first position as index 1. 
P22. Create a list containing all integers within a given range. If first argument is smaller than second, produce a list in decreasing order.
P23. Extract a given number of randomly selected elements from a list. The selected items shall be returned in a list. 
P24. Lotto: Draw N different random numbers from the set 1..M. The selected numbers shall be returned in a list.
P25. Generate a random permutation of the elements of a list.
P26. Generate the combinations of K distinct objects chosen from the N elements of a list. 
In how many ways can a committee of 3 be chosen from a group of 12 people? 
We all know that there are C(12,3) = 220 possibilities (C(N,K) denotes the well-known binomial coefficients). 
For pure mathematicians, this result may be great. But we want to really generate all the possibilities in a list.
P27. Group the elements of a set into disjoint subsets. 
a) In how many ways can a group of 9 people work in 3 disjoint subgroups of 2, 3 and 4 persons? Write a function that generates all the possibilities and returns them in a list.
b) Generalize the above function in a way that we can specify a list of group sizes and the function will return a list of groups.
Note that we do not want permutations of the group members.
P28. Sorting a list of lists according to length of sublists.
a) We suppose that a list contains elements that are lists themselves. The objective is to sort the elements of this list according to their length. E.g. short lists first, longer lists later, or vice versa.
b) Again, we suppose that a list contains elements that are lists themselves. But this time the objective is to sort the elements of this list according to their length frequency; i.e., in the default, where sorting is done ascendingly, lists with rare lengths are placed first, others with a more frequent length come later.
P31. Determine whether a given integer number is prime.
P32. Determine the greatest common divisor of two positive integer numbers.
P33. Determine whether two positive integer numbers are coprime. Two numbers are coprime if their greatest common divisor equals 1.
P34. Calculate Euler's totient function phi(m). Euler's so-called totient function phi(m) is defined as the number of positive integers r (1 <= r < m) that are coprime to m.
Note the special case: phi(1) = 1. 
Find out what the value of phi(m) is if m is a prime number. Euler's totient function plays an important role in one of the most widely used public key cryptography methods (RSA). 
In this exercise you should use the most primitive method to calculate this function. 
P35. Determine the prime factors of a given positive integer.
Construct a flat list containing the prime factors in ascending order.
P36. Determine the prime factors of a given positive integer.
Construct a list containing the prime factors and their multiplicity.
P37. Calculate Euler's totient function phi(m) (improved).
See problem P34 for the definition of Euler's totient function. 
If the list of the prime factors of a number m is known in the form of a list containing the prime factors and their multiplicity, then the function phi(m) can be efficiently calculated as follows: 
Let ((p1 m1) (p2 m2) (p3 m3) ...) be the list of prime factors (and their multiplicities) of a given number m. 
Then phi(m) can be calculated with the following formula:
phi(m) = (p1 - 1) * p1 ** (m1 - 1) * (p2 - 1) * p2 ** (m2 - 1) * (p3 - 1) * p3 ** (m3 - 1) * ...
Note that a ** b stands for the b'th power of a.
P38. Compare the two methods of calculating Euler's totient function.
Use the solutions of problems P34 and P37 to compare the algorithms. 
Take the number of basic operations and arithmetic operations, as a measure for efficiency. 
Try to calculate phi(10090) as an example.
P39. A list of prime numbers. Given a range of integers by its lower and upper limit, construct a list of all prime numbers in that range.
P40. Goldbach's conjecture. Goldbach's conjecture says that every positive even number greater than 2 is the sum of two prime numbers. 
Example: 28 = 5 + 23. It is one of the most famous facts in number theory that has not been proved to be correct in the general case. 
It has been numerically confirmed up to very large numbers . Write a function to find the two prime numbers that sum up to a given even integer.
P41. A list of Goldbach compositions. Given a range of integers by its lower and upper limit, print a list of all even numbers and their Goldbach composition.
In most cases, if an even number is written as the sum of two prime numbers, one of them is very small. Very rarely, the primes are both bigger than say 50. 
Try to find out how many such cases there are in the range 2..3000.
P46. Truth tables for logical expressions. Define functions and, or, nand, nor, xor, impl and equ (for logical equivalence) which return the result of the respective operation on boolean values.
A logical expression in two variables can then be written in prefix notation, as in the following example: (and (or A B) (nand A B)).
Write a function table which prints the truth table of a given logical expression in two variables.
P47. Truth tables for logical expressions. Modify problem P46 by accepting expressions written in infix notation, with all parenthesis present. 
This allows us to write logical expression in a more natural way, as in the example: (A and (A or (not B))).
P48. Truth tables for logical expressions. Generalize problem P47 in such a way that the logical expression may contain any number of logical variables. 
Define table in a way that prints the truth table for the expression Expr, which contains the logical variables enumerated in List.
P49. Gray code.
An n-bit Gray code is a sequence of n-bit strings constructed according to certain rules. For example,
n = 1: C(1) = ("0" "1").
n = 2: C(2) = ("00" "01" "11" "10").
n = 3: C(3) = ("000" "001" "011" "010" "110" "111" "101" "100").

Find out the construction rules and write a function with the following specification:
(gray N) returns the N-bit Gray code
Can you apply the method of "result caching" in order to make the function more efficient, when it is to be used repeatedly?
P50. Huffman code. We suppose a set of symbols with their frequencies, given as a list of (S F) elements. Example: ( (a 45) (b 13) (c 12) (d 16) (e 9) (f 5) ). 
Our objective is to construct a list of (S C) elements, where C is the Huffman code word for symbol S. In our example, the result could be ( (A "0") (B "101") (C "100") (D "111") (E "1101") (F "1100") ). 
The task shall be performed by a function huffman defined as follows:
(huffman F) returns the Huffman code table for the frequency table F

